# unit-4-game
This is a simple RPG game. The user must choose a character to play as and then battle the remaining characters one-at-a-time until either the user's character or all of the remaining characters are defeated. Each character has three values associated with them: health points, starting attack power, and counter attack power. Once an enemy is selected to battle, the user must press the attack button to attack the defender until either the defender or the user's character is defeated. When the button is pressed, the user's character deals damage to the defender equal to the user's character's current attack power. The defender then deals damage to the user's character equal to the defender's counter attack power. Damage dealt to a character is subtracted from that player's health points. The first time that the user attacks in each game, their attack power is equal their starting attack power. After each attack, the user's character's attack power increases by that character's starting attack power. Counter attack power does not increase. A character is defeated when that character's health score reaches 0 or less. The health points are displayed on the character icons, but the attack powers and counter attack powers of the characters are not shown and must be determined by playing the game and noting the damage done in battle. It is possible for the user to both win and lose the game with any character.

This project is developed and maintained by David Knittel. Questions or comments are welcomed! Email me: djknit@gmail.com. Visit my github repository.